---
layout: post
title: "Week Reflection #1"
date: 2025-12-14
author: Wandipa Marema
---

Earlier today I recieved an email from TryHackMe. The message contained the current loggin streak I retain (17 days to be exact), incentivising me to log back on and get some learning going! I can tell you it almost worked!
Though I'm drained... Very drained. That session would definitely be a time of pure cramming no retaining of information. At that point it would be all about sustaining the streak I hold, and that had me wonder.

What happens when the pure excitement for this field fades. Each time I log on to acquire new knowledge for the day, a sense of curiousosity and enjoyment emanates from me, and that keeps me going. Hence, this is something 
I strive for, with whatever I do. That doesn't last forever. This is something I know very well, this profound source of motivation never last and I fear when it runs out I won't be able to stay commited to this task. 

Thats why I have a strange interrelatedness with the "streak". The constant increase in my streak each day I log in, and do/read a small task, reassures me that discipline doesn't dwindle. Realising my issue, this is not
a healthy way of approaching this, as I would just end up hating it. Pressure of outside factors do play a pivotal role in this, specifically employment. This is a field I want to pursue a career in, but does this append to the
already immense amount of pressure already there? I ask myself. 

I'm learning to understand this. To avoid creating uneccesary strain upon myself. I figured how I shouldn't correlate my journey with a measley streak, but with this! The blogs I post each day. I haven't read through them yet, but
this will broadcast my prgoress! How much I've learnt, struggled with, and perservered through! I jist recently read this passage from a book "where there's a will, there's a way, and that whoever has a dream should seek ways to make it come true
rather than make excuses" I resonated with this passage, as I've constantly had motivation to learn a new skill, start a new hobby only to neglect it when the motivation dies out. With this, I won't allow the cycle to continue! I now really have
to cultivate my discipline to ensure I always return to shore, rather than constantly get lost in sea never to return.  

So I'm not logging onto TryHackMe today. I'm doing putting my attention to other hobbies such as drawing. I'm learning perspective. I don't know if I can call this a hobbie to, but I'll include it. I'm not letting the
stupid streak define my progress! These will! 
